25.2.2015

Cease and Desist Demand regarding Trademarks and Copyrights

To whom it may concern,

It has been brought to our attention that your business has been marketing,
selling or otherwise making available products or services that may infringe
Supercell Oy's copyrights and trademarks in the software games "Clash of
Clans", "Hay Day", "Boom Beach" and other games and related merchandise
("Supercell Assets").

We have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained
of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. We assure
that the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that we are
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed. We have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a
DMCA Notice. This letter constitutes both a trademark and a DCMA complaint.

Location of potential infringement:
https://github.com/clanner/cocdp/tree/master/assets/csv
https://github.com/clanner/cocdp/tree/master/assets/sc
https://github.com/clanner/cocdp/tree/master/assets/logic

Supercell Assets are developed and published by a Finnish company Supercell Oy.
All intellectual property rights to Supercell Assets are owned by Supercell Oy,
including copyright to the game characters and internationally registered
trademarks. Supercell Oy's copyright to Supercell Assets' characters and
international trademark registrations of the words "CLASH OF CLANS", "HAY DAY"
and "BOOM BEACH" provide Supercell Oy with certain proprietary rights. This
includes the right to restrict the use of copyrighted works and/or trademarks,
or a confusingly similar works or trademarks, in association with confusingly
similar products or services.

Supercell Oy's trademark registrations include, but are not limited to, the
registration of the word marks CLASH OF CLANS, HAY DAY and BOOM BEACH by
European Union Community Trademarks (no: 011158086, 1156712 and 012661864) and
United States Trademark and Patent Office registration (no: 4327980).

Your use of Supercell Oy's copyright and/or registered trademarks is likely to
confuse consumers and/or lessen the distinctiveness of Supercell Oy's brand.
Your continued use of Supercell Oy's copyrights and/or registered trademarks
will cause significant and irreparable damage to Supercell Oy.

Supercell Oy demands that you immediately:

1. cease and desist any further use of images, emblems, logos or similar items
   infringing Supercell Oy's copyrights in association with the manufacture,
   marketing, sale, distribution, or identification of your products or services;
   and

2. cease and desist any further use of Supercell Oy's trademarks in association
   with the manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, or identification of your
   products or services.

This is written without any prejudice. Supercell Oy reserves the right to claim
damages as well as any other remedy under applicable copyright and trademark
legislation, but we hope this issue may be resolved without any further legal
actions.

Should you have any questions regarding this letter, please contact us at
[private]

Respectfully on behalf of Supercell Oy,

[private]
